The village chief is that song
Ah, it's the village chief
I just wanted to talk to you
Why are you here, you bastard?
Village Chief, don't listen to this second-hand nonsense
Village Chief, you have to give me a good review
Just Li Dazhu, this beast
Three days and two ends want to bully me
You still want to use the wall on me?
If it weren't for my cousin being here today
He is good
My innocence will be ruined by him
I'll tell you what happened that day
My brother and I came that day.
Pass by their door
I heard the sound of men and women exchanging inside
Did we hear it wrong?
Isn't he a widow?
Let's go in and see
Look at him and his cousin
Stole it all inside
Do that dirty thing
Li Dazhu, have you said enough?
We were just about to yell
He this
I don't know if it's a little white face or a cousin
Suddenly, there was a burst of strange force
Look, you beat my hand like this.
village chief
We are wronged
Did you say